[enterprise-logs] Fix dev cluster MinIO endpoints in default configuration. (#826)
grafana/helm-charts: charts/enterprise-logs/CHANGELOG.md

Entries should include a reference to the pull request that introduced the change.

## Unreleased

## 1.2.1

> - [BUGFIX] Fixed the MinIO endpoints in the resultiung `config.yaml`, which pointed incorrectly to `{{ .Release.Name }}-enterprise-logs-minio` instead of `{{ .Release.Name }}-minio`. #826

Reviewer: There's a typo in "resulting". 

nit: I would consider something simpler like:
```suggestion
- [BUGFIX] Fixed the dev cluster MinIO endpoints in default configuration. #826
```
or just replacing the reference to `config.yaml` with something like "GEL configuration file" since the latter is more likely to be understood by users.
